# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
abseil-cpp                20210324.2           h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
absl-py                   1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.7.4.post0      py38h497a2fe_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-au    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-ca    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-gb    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-us    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-za    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argtable2                 2.13              h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
arpack                    3.7.0                hdefa2d7_2    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
attrs                     22.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
bbmap                     39.01                h5c4e2a8_0    bioconda
bcftools                  1.16                 hfe4b78e_1    bioconda
bedtools                  2.30.0               h468198e_3    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 hf600244_0    conda-forge
bioconductor-biomformat   1.22.0            r41hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5        2.38.1            r41hbe1951d_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5filters 1.6.0             r41hc247a5b_2    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5lib     1.16.0            r41hc0cfd56_2    bioconda
biopython                 1.81             py38h1de0b5d_0    conda-forge
blast                     2.13.0               hf3cf87c_0    bioconda
blinker                   1.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.74.0               h75c5d50_8    conda-forge
bowtie2                   2.5.1            py38h77f66f0_0    bioconda
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38h0a891b7_1005    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               h7132678_9    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.12.7            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                4.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1014    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.12.7          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py38h4a40e3a_3    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py38h578d9bd_3    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
checkm-genome             1.2.2              pyhdfd78af_1    bioconda
click                     8.1.3           unix_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
clustalo                  1.2.4                h87f3376_5    bioconda
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
cryptography              39.0.0           py38h1724139_0    conda-forge
cudatoolkit               10.2.89              hfd86e86_1    anaconda
cudnn                     7.6.5.32             h01f27c4_1    conda-forge
curl                      7.86.0               h7bff187_1    conda-forge
cutadapt                  4.3              py38hbff2b2d_0    bioconda
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
dendropy                  4.5.2              pyh3252c3a_0    bioconda
dnaio                     0.10.0           py38hbff2b2d_0    bioconda
entrez-direct             16.2                 he881be0_1    bioconda
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
fastani                   1.33                 h0fdf51a_1    bioconda
fastp                     0.23.2               h5f740d0_3    bioconda
fastqc                    0.12.1               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
fasttree                  2.1.11               hec16e2b_1    bioconda
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hc118613_107    conda-forge
flye                      2.9.2            py38hf4f3596_0    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.39.3           py38h1de0b5d_0    conda-forge
fraggenescan              1.31                 hec16e2b_4    bioconda
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gast                      0.4.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
gawk                      5.1.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.2.0              hcc96c02_19    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    12.2.0              h55be85b_19    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
glib                      2.76.1               h3eb15da_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.76.1               h3eb15da_0    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.35.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
grep                      3.10                 h5823315_0    conda-forge
grpc-cpp                  1.43.2               h9e046d8_3    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.43.0           py38hdd6454d_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.21.3               h4243ec0_1    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.21.3               h25f0c4b_1    conda-forge
gstreamer-orc             0.4.33               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
gtdbtk                    2.2.6              pyhdfd78af_1    <unknown>
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.2.0              hcc96c02_19    conda-forge
h5py                      3.7.0           nompi_py38h045baee_101    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h8e241bc_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.2          nompi_h2386368_100    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.3.2                h87f3376_2    bioconda
htslib                    1.16                 h6bc39ce_0    bioconda
humanfriendly             10.0             py38h578d9bd_4    conda-forge
hunspell                  1.7.0             h68659b9_1001    conda-forge
hunspell-en               2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idba                      1.1.3                         1    bioconda
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.5.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2022.1.0          h9e868ea_3769  
intervaltree              3.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
isa-l                     2.30.0               ha770c72_4    conda-forge
jack                      1.9.22               h11f4161_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
k8                        0.2.5                hd03093a_2    bioconda
kaiju                     1.9.2                h5b5514e_0    bioconda
keras                     2.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keras-preprocessing       1.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_15    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py38h43d8883_1    conda-forge
kraken2                   2.1.2           pl5321h9f5acd7_3    bioconda
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.14                 h6ed2654_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libcap                    2.66                 ha37c62d_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  15.0.7          default_had23c3d_1    conda-forge
libclang13                15.0.7          default_h3e3d535_1    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h3e49a29_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.86.0               h7bff187_1    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.13                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.2                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.2.0              h3b97bd3_19    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.1               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.2.0              h69a702a_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h337968e_19    conda-forge
libglib                   2.76.1               ha491796_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.46                 h620e276_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.9.1                hd6dc26d_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hadd5161_1    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.51.0               hdcd2b5c_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          pthreads_h80387f5_0    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libpq                     14.5                 h72a31a5_3    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.19.6               h3eb15da_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.0                hb75c966_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.40.0               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.2.0              h3b97bd3_19    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libsystemd0               252                  h2a991cd_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0e0dad5_3    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.7                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libudev1                  253                  h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.4                h522a892_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.5.0                h79f4944_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.3               hca2bb57_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
mafft                     7.520                hec16e2b_0    bioconda
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
mappy                     2.24             py38h4c6a040_1    bioconda
markdown                  3.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.2            py38h1de0b5d_0    conda-forge
masurca                   4.1.0           pl5321h6e1a2d6_0    bioconda
mathjax                   2.7.7                ha770c72_3    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.3            py38h38b5ce0_2    conda-forge
maxbin2                   2.2.7                he1b5a44_1    bioconda
medaka                    1.7.2            py38h6239ad4_1    bioconda
metabat2                  2.15                 h4da6f23_2    bioconda
metis                     5.1.0             h58526e2_1006    conda-forge
minimap2                  2.24                 h7132678_1    bioconda
mkl                       2022.1.0           hc2b9512_224  
mmseqs2                   13.45111        pl5321hf1761c0_2    bioconda
mpfr                      4.2.0                hb012696_0    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.31.3               hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.4            py38h1de0b5d_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.32               h14678bc_0    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.32               h54cf53e_0    conda-forge
nccl                      2.15.5.1             h1a5f58c_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
networkx                  3.1                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ninja                     1.11.1               h924138e_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     2.0                           0    anaconda
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.89                 he45b914_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.8.3           py38h97b1c41_100    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py38h8246c76_3    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ont-fast5-api             4.1.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
openjdk                   17.0.3               h58dac75_5    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h7d73246_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1t               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.4            py38h47df419_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.19.2               h32600fe_2    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.14              hd33c08f_0    conda-forge
parallel                  20230322             ha770c72_0    conda-forge
parasail-python           1.3.3            py38h3b68952_0    bioconda
pbzip2                    1.1.13                        0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-digest-hmac          1.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.58            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode-locale        1.05            pl5321hdfd78af_7    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-listing         6.15            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.81            pl5321h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.16            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.05            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.075           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h9f5acd7_5    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.39            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-lwp-simple           6.39            pl5321h9ee0642_5    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-net-http             6.22            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.92            pl5321haa6b8db_1    conda-forge
perl-ntlm                 1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-parent               0.241           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-socket               2.027           pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-time-local           1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.12            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
pigz                      2.6                  h27826a3_0    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0            py38h9eb91d8_3    conda-forge
pip                       23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
polypolish                0.5.0                h87f3376_2    bioconda
popt                      1.16              h0b475e3_2002    conda-forge
porechop_abi              0.5.0            py38hf4f3596_0    bioconda
pplacer                   1.1.alpha19          h9ee0642_2    bioconda
prodigal                  2.6.3                hec16e2b_4    bioconda
progressbar33             2.4                        py_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.19.6           py38h8dc9893_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pulseaudio                16.1                 h4ab2085_1    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  1.10.7           py38h1de0b5d_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.20.0           py38h1c8baaf_0    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pyspoa                    0.0.3            py38h8ded8fe_3    bioconda
python                    3.8.15          h257c98d_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-edlib              1.3.9            py38h4a32c8e_1    bioconda
python-flatbuffers        2.0                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-igraph             0.10.4           py38hd98a34f_0    conda-forge
python-isal               1.1.0            py38h0a891b7_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      3_cp38    conda-forge
pytorch                   1.11.0          cpu_py38hde1b6bc_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py38h0a891b7_5    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.6               h7acdfc8_2    conda-forge
qt-webengine              5.15.4               h325cec9_3    conda-forge
r-ampvis2                 2.7.32            r41hdfd78af_0    bioconda
r-ape                     5.7_1             r41h358215d_0    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r41h06615bd_3    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-backports               1.4.1             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-base                    4.1.3                hb87df5d_4    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r41h06615bd_1005    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_7             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.3             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-bslib                   0.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.7             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.7.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.2            r41h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.1             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.4             r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-clustergeneration       1.3.7             r41ha770c72_1    conda-forge
r-coda                    0.19_4            r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_19            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_0             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-combinat                0.0_8           r41hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.4.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3.3             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.14.8            r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.5             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.31            r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-doparallel              1.0.17            r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.1.2             r41ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.20              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-expm                    0.999_7           r41hb20cf53_0    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.4             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.1             r41h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.1             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-fastmatch               1.1_3             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-fontawesome             0.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-forcats                 1.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.6.1             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.3             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggally                  2.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggrepel                 0.9.3             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.6.2             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.1.3             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r41hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.9.4             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.3            r41hac0b197_0    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.10              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.5             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.6.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.5             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-igraph                  1.4.2             r41h65ed38e_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r41h38f115c_1    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.14            r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.4             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_20           r41hd009a43_1    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.42              r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-later                   1.3.0             r41h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.21_8            r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r41h06615bd_3    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.3             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.9.2             r41h133d619_1    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-maps                    3.4.1             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_58.3          r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.5_4             r41he1ae0d6_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_42            r41he1ae0d6_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-mnormt                  2.1.1             r41h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r41hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-network                 1.18.1            r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_162           r41hac0b197_0    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r41hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-openssl                 2.0.5             r41hb1dc35e_0    conda-forge
r-optimparallel           1.0_2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-permute                 0.9_7             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-phangorn                2.11.1            r41hbf9dc1e_0    conda-forge
r-phytools                1.5_1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-picante                 1.8.2             r41h133d619_1    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.9.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.3.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-plotly                  4.10.1            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-plotrix                 3.8_2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.8             r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r41hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-processx                3.8.1             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-promises                1.2.0.1           r41h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.7.5             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   1.0.1             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-quadprog                1.5_8             r41hd009a43_4    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.25.0            r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.12.2            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r41h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.10            r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-renv                    0.17.3            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-reshape                 0.8.9             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.0             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-rle                     0.9.2             r41h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.21              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.3             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.14              r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-sass                    0.4.5             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-scatterplot3d           0.3_43            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-sna                     2.7_1             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-statnet.common          4.8.0             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.7.12            r41h1ae9187_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.5.0             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-svglite                 2.1.1             r41he8f5e61_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4.1             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-systemfonts             1.0.4             r41h0ff29ef_1    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.1.7             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.1             r41h133d619_1    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.3.0             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-timechange              0.2.0             r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.45              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tmvnsim                 1.0_2             r41h8da6f51_4    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.3             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.2             r41ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-vegan                   2.6_4             r41hb20cf53_0    conda-forge
r-viridis                 0.6.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.5.0             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.38              r41h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.3             r41h044e5c7_2    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.3.7             r41h133d619_0    conda-forge
racon                     1.5.0                h7ff8a90_0    bioconda
re2                       2022.02.01           h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
rename                    1.601                hdfd78af_1    bioconda
requests                  2.28.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rstudio-desktop           2022.02.3       r41h2a89545_493    conda-forge
rsync                     3.2.7                h220164a_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.16.1               h6899075_1    bioconda
scikit-learn              1.1.2            py38h0b08f9b_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.9.1            py38hea3f02b_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
semibin                   1.5.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
seqtk                     1.3                  h7132678_4    bioconda
setuptools                67.6.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.5.1                h9b69904_2    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.10               h9fff704_0    conda-forge
soci-core                 4.0.3                hf52228f_3    conda-forge
soci-postgresql           4.0.3                h924138e_1    conda-forge
soci-sqlite               4.0.3                h2ced083_3    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.40.0               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.10.1               h9e50725_1    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_15    conda-forge
tar                       1.34                 hb2e2bae_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.9.0             hf52228f_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.1            py38h2b5fc30_4    conda-forge
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.7.1           cuda102py38h32e99bf_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-base           2.7.1           cuda102py38h5246720_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-estimator      2.7.1           cuda102py38h4357c17_0    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
texttable                 1.6.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.65.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.5.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.5.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.0.0           py38h0a891b7_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.15            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vsearch                   2.22.1               hf1761c0_0    bioconda
werkzeug                  2.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha56f1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.15.0           py38h1de0b5d_0    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.38                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xopen                     1.7.0            py38h578d9bd_1    conda-forge
xorg-compositeproto       0.4.2             h7f98852_1001    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.4                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxcomposite        0.4.6                h0b41bf4_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxcursor           1.2.0                h0b41bf4_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.2                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxscrnsaver        1.2.3                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-randrproto           1.5.0             h7f98852_1001    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-scrnsaverproto       1.2.2                         0    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.0                h7f98852_3    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yaml-cpp                  0.6.3                he1b5a44_4    conda-forge
yarl                      1.8.2            py38h0a891b7_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.19.0           py38h5945529_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h3eb15da_6    conda-forge