# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
abseil-cpp                20210324.2           h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
absl-py                   1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.4           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-au    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-ca    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-gb    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-us    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aoo-mozilla-en-dict-za    2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argtable2                 2.13              h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
arpack                    3.7.0                hdefa2d7_2    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
attrs                     23.1.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
bbmap                     39.01                h92535d8_1    bioconda
bcftools                  1.17                 h3cc50cf_1    bioconda
bedtools                  2.31.0               hf5e1c6e_2    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 hf600244_0    conda-forge
bioconductor-biomformat   1.26.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5        2.42.0            r42hbe1951d_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5filters 1.10.0            r42hf17093f_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5lib     1.20.0            r42ha9d7317_2    bioconda
biopython                 1.81            py310h1fa729e_0    conda-forge
blast                     2.14.0               h7d5a4b4_1    bioconda
blinker                   1.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.78.0               h5adbc97_2    conda-forge
bowtie2                   2.5.1           py310ha0a81b8_2    bioconda
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.0.9           py310hd8f1fbe_9    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17              he4a0461_11    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.19.1               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.5.7             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1014    conda-forge
certifi                   2023.5.7           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.0          py310h0fdd8cc_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
checkm-genome             1.2.2              pyhdfd78af_1    bioconda
click                     8.1.3           unix_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
clustalo                  1.2.4                hdbdd923_7    bioconda
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.1.0           py310hd41b1e2_0    conda-forge
cryptography              39.0.0          py310h65dfdc0_0    conda-forge
cuda-version              11.8                 h70ddcb2_2    conda-forge
cudatoolkit               11.8.0              h37601d7_11    conda-forge
cudnn                     8.8.0.121            h0800d71_1    conda-forge
curl                      7.87.0               h6312ad2_0    conda-forge
cutadapt                  4.4             py310h4b81fae_1    bioconda
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dart-sass                 1.58.3               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
dendropy                  4.6.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
deno                      1.22.0               hf47965d_0    conda-forge
deno-dom                  0.1.17               hd9586b0_0    conda-forge
dnaio                     0.10.0          py310h4b81fae_3    bioconda
entrez-direct             16.2                 he881be0_1    bioconda
esbuild                   0.15.5               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
fastani                   1.33                 h4dfc31f_3    bioconda
fastp                     0.23.4               h5f740d0_0    bioconda
fastqc                    0.12.1               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
fasttree                  2.1.11               h031d066_2    bioconda
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hc118613_108    conda-forge
filelock                  3.12.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flye                      2.9.2           py310h2b6aa90_2    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.40.0          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
fraggenescan              1.31                 h031d066_6    bioconda
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.3.3           py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
gast                      0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gawk                      5.1.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         13.1.0               hc4be1a9_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    13.1.0               hd511a9b_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
glib                      2.76.3               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.76.3               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.2           py310h3ec546c_1    conda-forge
google-auth               2.17.3             pyh1a96a4e_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
grep                      3.11                 h3cbd922_0    conda-forge
grpc-cpp                  1.45.2               h9d3bbbb_5    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.45.0          py310h44b9e0c_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.21.3               h4243ec0_1    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.21.3               h25f0c4b_1    conda-forge
gstreamer-orc             0.4.34               hd590300_0    conda-forge
gtdbtk                    2.3.0              pyhdfd78af_2    <unknown>
gxx_impl_linux-64         13.1.0               hc4be1a9_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.9.0           nompi_py310h367e799_100    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h8e241bc_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.0          nompi_h5231ba7_103    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.3.2                hdbdd923_4    bioconda
htslib                    1.17                 h6bc39ce_1    bioconda
humanfriendly             10.0            py310hff52083_4    conda-forge
hunspell                  1.7.0             h68659b9_1001    conda-forge
hunspell-en               2023.01.01           hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idba                      1.1.3                         1    bioconda
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.7.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
intervaltree              3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
isa-l                     2.30.0               ha770c72_4    conda-forge
jack                      1.9.22               h11f4161_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
k8                        0.2.5                hdcf5f25_4    bioconda
kaiju                     1.9.2                h43eeafb_2    bioconda
keras                     2.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keras-preprocessing       1.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_15    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4           py310hbf28c38_1    conda-forge
kraken2                   2.1.3           pl5321hdcf5f25_0    bioconda
krb5                      1.20.1               hf9c8cef_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.14                 h6ed2654_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.0.6                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libcap                    2.66                 ha37c62d_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  15.0.7          default_h7634d5b_2    conda-forge
libclang13                15.0.7          default_h9986a30_2    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h36d4200_3    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.87.0               h6312ad2_0    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.13                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libdrm-cos6-x86_64        2.4.65            h9b0a68f_1105    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     13.1.0               he3cc6c4_0    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.1               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.1.0               h69a702a_0    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.1.0               h15d22d2_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.76.3               hebfc3b9_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.47                 h71f35ed_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.9.1                hd6dc26d_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hadd5161_1    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.51.0               hdcd2b5c_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          pthreads_h80387f5_0    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libpq                     15.1                 h2baec63_3    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.20.3               h3eb15da_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              13.1.0               hfd8a6a1_0    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.0                hb75c966_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  13.1.0               he3cc6c4_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.1.0               hfd8a6a1_0    conda-forge
libsystemd0               252                  h2a991cd_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0e0dad5_3    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.7                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libudev1                  253                  h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.4                h522a892_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libx11-common-cos6-x86_64 1.6.4             h9b0a68f_1105    conda-forge
libx11-cos6-x86_64        1.6.4             h9b0a68f_1105    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.5.0                h79f4944_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.3               hca2bb57_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
mafft                     7.520                h031d066_2    bioconda
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
mappy                     2.26            py310h83093d7_1    bioconda
markdown                  3.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.3           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
masurca                   4.1.0           pl5321hb5bd705_1    bioconda
mathjax                   2.7.7                ha770c72_3    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.7.1           py310he60537e_0    conda-forge
maxbin2                   2.2.7                he1b5a44_1    bioconda
medaka                    1.8.0           py310hb7fe8e6_0    bioconda
mesa-dri-drivers-cos6-x86_64 11.0.7            h9b0a68f_1105    conda-forge
mesa-dri1-drivers-cos6-x86_64 7.11              h9b0a68f_1105    conda-forge
mesa-libgl-cos6-x86_64    11.0.7            h9b0a68f_1105    conda-forge
metabat2                  2.12.1                        1    bioconda
metis                     5.1.0             h58526e2_1006    conda-forge
minimap2                  2.26                 he4a0461_1    bioconda
mmseqs2                   13.45111        pl5321hf1761c0_2    bioconda
mpc                       1.3.1                hfe3b2da_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.0                hb012696_0    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.31.3               hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.4           py310h1fa729e_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.32               h14678bc_0    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.32               h54cf53e_0    conda-forge
nccl                      2.18.3.1             h12f7317_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.1                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ninja                     1.11.1               h924138e_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.89                 he45b914_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.8.4           py310h690d005_100    conda-forge
numpy                     1.25.0          py310ha4c1d20_0    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ont-fast5-api             4.1.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
openjdk                   17.0.3               h58dac75_5    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h7d73246_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1u               hd590300_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.0.3           py310h7cbd5c2_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.19.2               h32600fe_2    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.14              hd33c08f_0    conda-forge
parallel                  20230522             ha770c72_0    conda-forge
parasail-python           1.3.3           py310h6cc9453_2    bioconda
pbzip2                    1.1.13                        0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-digest-hmac          1.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.58            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode-locale        1.05            pl5321hdfd78af_7    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-listing         6.15            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.81            pl5321h4ac6f70_1    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.16            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.05            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321hdbdd923_2    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.075           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h4ac6f70_6    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.39            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h031d066_2    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-lwp-simple           6.39            pl5321h9ee0642_5    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-net-http             6.22            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.92            pl5321haa6b8db_1    conda-forge
perl-ntlm                 1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-parent               0.241           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-socket               2.027           pl5321h031d066_4    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-test-warnings        0.031           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-time-local           1.35            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.17            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
pigz                      2.6                  h27826a3_0    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0           py310h454ad03_3    conda-forge
pip                       23.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
polypolish                0.5.0                hdbdd923_4    bioconda
pooch                     1.7.0              pyha770c72_3    conda-forge
porechop_abi              0.5.0           py310h2b6aa90_2    bioconda
pplacer                   1.1.alpha19          h9ee0642_2    bioconda
prodigal                  2.6.3                h031d066_6    bioconda
progressbar33             2.4                        py_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.20.3          py310heca2aa9_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pulseaudio                16.1                 h4ab2085_1    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  1.10.9          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.21.0          py310hff46b53_0    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pyspoa                    0.0.3           py310h068649b_6    bioconda
python                    3.10.8          h257c98d_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-edlib              1.3.9           py310h0dbaff4_4    bioconda
python-flatbuffers        23.5.26            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-igraph             0.10.3          py310hc734324_0    conda-forge
python-isal               1.1.0           py310h2372a71_2    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    3_cp310    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.0.1           cpu_py310hab5cca8_0  
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0             py310h5764c6d_5    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.6               h18908ee_6    conda-forge
qt-webengine              5.15.4               h325cec9_3    conda-forge
quarto                    1.1.145              ha770c72_0    conda-forge
r-ampvis2                 2.7.32            r42hdfd78af_1    bioconda
r-ape                     5.7_1             r42h08d816e_1    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r42h57805ef_4    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r42hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-backports               1.4.1             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-base                    4.2.2                h6b4767f_2    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r42h57805ef_1006    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_7             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.3             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-bslib                   0.5.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.8             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.7.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.2            r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.1             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.4             r42h61816a4_1    conda-forge
r-clustergeneration       1.3.7             r42ha770c72_2    conda-forge
r-coda                    0.19_4            r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_19            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_0             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-combinat                0.0_8           r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.1.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.4.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.2.0             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3.3             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.14.8            r42h029312a_2    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.5             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.31            r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-doparallel              1.0.17            r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.1.2             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.21              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-expm                    0.999_7           r42hd9ac46e_1    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.4             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.1             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.1             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-fastmatch               1.1_3             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-fontawesome             0.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-forcats                 1.0.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.6.2             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ggally                  2.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggrepel                 0.9.3             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.6.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.9.4             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.3            r42h61816a4_1    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.10              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.5             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.6.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.6             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-igraph                  1.4.2             r42h65ed38e_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.14            r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.5             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_21           r42h13b3f57_1    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.43              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-later                   1.3.1             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.21_8            r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r42h57805ef_4    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.9.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-maps                    3.4.1             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_60            r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.5_4.1           r42h316c678_1    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_42            r42h316c678_2    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-mnormt                  2.1.1             r42h61816a4_1    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r42hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-network                 1.18.1            r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_162           r42h61816a4_1    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r42hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-openssl                 2.0.5             r42hb1dc35e_0    conda-forge
r-optimparallel           1.0_2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-permute                 0.9_7             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-phangorn                2.11.1            r42h7ce84a7_1    conda-forge
r-phytools                1.5_1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-picante                 1.8.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.9.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.3.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-plotly                  4.10.2            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-plotrix                 3.8_2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.8             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r42hc72bb7e_1007    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-processx                3.8.1             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r42hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-promises                1.2.0.1           r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.7.5             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-purrr                   1.0.1             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-quadprog                1.5_8             r42h13b3f57_5    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.25.0            r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.12.2            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r42h785f33e_2    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.10            r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-renv                    0.17.3            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-reshape                 0.8.9             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.1             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-rle                     0.9.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.22              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.14              r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-sass                    0.4.6             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.2.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-scatterplot3d           0.3_44            r42h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-sna                     2.7_1             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-statnet.common          4.9.0             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.7.12            r42h1ae9187_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.5.0             r42h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-svglite                 2.1.1             r42h329214f_1    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4.2             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-systemfonts             1.0.4             r42haf97adc_2    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.1.9             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.1             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.3.0             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.2.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-timechange              0.2.0             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.45              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-tmvnsim                 1.0_2             r42h61816a4_5    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.3             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.3             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-vegan                   2.6_4             r42hd9ac46e_1    conda-forge
r-viridis                 0.6.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.5.0             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.39              r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.3             r42h044e5c7_2    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.3.7             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
racon                     1.5.0                h21ec9f0_2    bioconda
re2                       2022.06.01           h27087fc_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
rename                    1.601                hdfd78af_1    bioconda
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rstudio-desktop           2022.12.0       r42hd5ac50f_353    conda-forge
samtools                  1.17                 hd87286a_1    bioconda
scikit-learn              1.2.2           py310hf7d194e_2    conda-forge
scipy                     1.11.1          py310ha4c1d20_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
semibin                   1.5.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
seqtk                     1.4                  he4a0461_1    bioconda
setuptools                68.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.10               h9fff704_0    conda-forge
soci-core                 4.0.3                hf52228f_3    conda-forge
soci-postgresql           4.0.3                hd76e05e_2    conda-forge
soci-sqlite               4.0.3                h2ced083_3    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.42.0               h2c6b66d_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.10.1               h9e50725_1    conda-forge
sympy                     1.12            pypyh9d50eac_103    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_15    conda-forge
tar                       1.34                 hb2e2bae_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.9.0             hf52228f_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.1           py310h597c629_4    conda-forge
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.8.1           cuda112py310he87a039_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-base           2.8.1           cuda112py310h666ff7d_0    conda-forge
tensorflow-estimator      2.8.1           cuda112py310h2fa73eb_0    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
texttable                 1.6.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.65.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.7.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.7.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.0.0          py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
vsearch                   2.22.1               h6a68c12_2    bioconda
werkzeug                  2.3.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha56f1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.15.0          py310h1fa729e_0    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.38                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xopen                     1.7.0           py310hff52083_2    conda-forge
xorg-compositeproto       0.4.2             h7f98852_1001    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.4                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxcomposite        0.4.6                h0b41bf4_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxcursor           1.2.0                h0b41bf4_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.2                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxscrnsaver        1.2.3                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-randrproto           1.5.0             h7f98852_1001    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-scrnsaverproto       1.2.2                         0    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yaml-cpp                  0.6.3                he1b5a44_4    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.2           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.19.0          py310h1275a96_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h3eb15da_6    conda-forge
